Deploy npm dependencies. #216 (#334)
googlefonts/fontra: README.md

  `pip install -e .`

#### Testing

> The following steps are needed only for contributors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps are needed if you want to run the automated tests and if you want to contribute:
```

  `npm install`

>   `npm run jsdeps`

Reviewer: With the build hook in place, is this even needed?

Reviewer: Instead, we need to mention that Node needs to be installed, probably right after "Ensure you have Python >= 3.10 installed"

Author: I already removed it, I think you looked an old version of the workflow.

Author: I update the README.

Reviewer: (My comments are indeed about the README)

Author: Ah ok, sorry again :)
